{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl330\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 STEP 1
\f1\b0\fs27 First make the dressing. Heat 1 tbsp of the olive oil in a small saucepan. Add the capers and the onion and cook for 3 mins until softened. Splash in the red wine vinegar and bubble down, then remove the pan from the heat. Add the rest of the oil and the tarragon, then leave to infuse.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs36 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs24 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 STEP 2
\f1\b0\fs27 For the fricass\'e9e, heat the oil in a saut\'e9 pan, add the chorizo and fry for 2 mins until it starts to crisp and render out red oil. Throw the potatoes and paprika in the pan and cook for 5 mins, tossing occasionally, until they start to brown on the edges.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs36 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs24 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 STEP 3
\f1\b0\fs27 Pour in the chicken stock, turn up the heat and boil the stock for 8-10 mins until it has nearly all evaporated and the potatoes are tender. Stir the peas into the potatoes and cook for 2 mins more until heated through, then set aside.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs36 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs24 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 STEP 4
\f1\b0\fs27 Using a sharp knife, score the skin of the trout fillet at close intervals, then season generously with sea salt and black pepper.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs36 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs24 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 STEP 5
\f1\b0\fs27 Heat the butter in a non-stick frying pan. When it starts to sizzle, carefully lay the fish in the pan, skin-side down. Gently fry for about 8 mins until the skin is crisp and golden and most of the flesh has changed colour with just the top still raw.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs36 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs24 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 STEP 6
\f1\b0\fs27 Carefully turn the fish fillets over, then squeeze over the juice from one half of the lemon. Cook for 1 min more, basting fish with the lemony pan juices. Turn off the heat and leave the fish in the pan. You are now ready to plate up \'96 you can serve the other lemon half on the side if you like.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs36 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs24 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 STEP 7
\f1\b0\fs27 Spoon a pile of the fricass\'e9e into the centre of each plate. Place another spoonful of the mixture on top to create a small heap. Gently sit the fish fillet on top, skin-side up. Spoon the caper dressing around the outside of the plate and serve.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs36 \uc0\u8232 \
}